## Lab 2: Getting Started with TDM  
#### Kate Viloria  

Being suggested to start with the ontology was very helpful to see the general overview of the program we were making. I also think it was very good that we had the time_ddd to look at while doing this assignment. I heavily relied on it at the beginning of the assignment. The ontology, domain, and service_interface files were quite simple to mirror through the time_ddd. However, once it came to the grammar (especially when it came to dealing with the interaction tests that involved over-answering, topic shift, topic recognition etc.), it became more difficult to work with the program. I think there was a lot of guesswork and the documentation helps with the basic definitions and how each section works. It would have been very useful (either through the documentation or through some sort of lab demonstration) to have been shown how each of the files we were editing interact and rely on each other. Another problem I had was trying to understand the http_service.py file, it was a bit confusing trying to mirror the time_ddd py file especially when it came to reading the json file. The last few mistakes involved the grammar and I think I ended up adding and deleting a lot of lines of code arbitrarily. I also changed the order of how things appeared in the grammar and that solved the errors, but I'm not actually sure why or how (does order matter in the <item>'s section?). The assignment became a bit easier when I realised that some error codes would appear in the other terminal windows we had open. Setting up for the assignment was quite rocky but I understand that that was quite the undertaking to get that up and running for us. Overall, I think a small demo beforehand would have helped me have a better understanding of how all the files were interconnected. I'm glad to have learned more about how to write XML files and troubleshooting errors became a bit easier once I got the hang of how the system operated.

